README.md, before:

# Terminal CSS

Modern and minimal CSS framework for terminal lovers.
Visit the website [terminalcss.xyz](https://terminalcss.xyz/)

## Project Goals

Terminal CSS has no overhead and is lightweight **(~3k gzip)**. 
The source is written in **pure css** to be accessible for everybody and easy to contribute.

## Markdown ❤️ Terminal CSS 

It's perfect for your *personal website*, *blog*, or *side project*.

## How to use

When using something like Webpack just install with `npm i terminal.css`.

```js
import 'terminal.css'
```

Terminal CSS is also available via [CDN](https://unpkg.com/terminal.css)

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/terminal.css" />
```

## Themes

To create your own theme just open the dev-tools and edit the CSS Variables. Copy and paste it to your website. Done!

## Development

- `npm install`   
- `npm run start`

## Contributing

1.  Fork it!
2.  Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3.  Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4.  Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5.  Submit a pull request

## License
MIT © [Gioni06](https://github.com/Gioni06)

Commit message:

README note re: adding 'terminal' class to body tag

README.md, after:

# Terminal CSS

Modern and minimal CSS framework for terminal lovers.
Visit the website [terminalcss.xyz](https://terminalcss.xyz/)

## Project Goals

Terminal CSS has no overhead and is lightweight **(~3k gzip)**. 
The source is written in **pure css** to be accessible for everybody and easy to contribute.

## Markdown ❤️ Terminal CSS 

It's perfect for your *personal website*, *blog*, or *side project*.

## How to use

When using something like Webpack just install with `npm i terminal.css`.

```js
import 'terminal.css'
```

Terminal CSS is also available via [CDN](https://unpkg.com/terminal.css)

```html
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://unpkg.com/terminal.css" />
```

To apply all the styles, add the `terminal` class to your page's `<body>` tag.

## Themes

To create your own theme just open the dev-tools and edit the CSS Variables. Copy and paste it to your website. Done!

## Development

- `npm install`   
- `npm run start`

## Contributing

1.  Fork it!
2.  Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3.  Commit your changes: `git commit -m 'Add some feature'`
4.  Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5.  Submit a pull request

## License
MIT © [Gioni06](https://github.com/Gioni06)
